{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 header;}{
\s16\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}}{\info{\title #$+K Graphical Space Viewer '97}{\author Robert LeRoy}{\operator Robert LeRoy}{\creatim\yr1997\mo12\dy10\hr14\min22}
{\revtim\yr1997\mo12\dy10\hr14\min31}{\version2}{\edmins4}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords381}{\nofchars2177}{\*\company Reynolds & Reynolds}{\nofcharsws2673}{\vern89}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f1\fs32\cf2\cgrid0 Graphical Space Viewer '97}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 Overview}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 overview \tab  What is GRASP?
\par \tab }{\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 Registration}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 swreg\tab  Registering GRASP
\par \tab }{\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 Robert LeRoy}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 rjl\tab About the author
\par }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par The Index contains a list of all GRASP Help topics. For information on how to use Help, press F1 or choose }{\i\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 H}{\i\f1\fs24\cgrid0 ow to use help}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  from the Help Menu.
\par Copyright }{\f3\fs24\cgrid0 \'e3}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0  1997 Vero Software Architects}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Overview}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par 
\par GRASP represents }{\f1\fs24\ul\cgrid0 disk space}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 props through use of a bar graph.  Directories are tallied and pictured as a percentage of total disk space used or total disk space available.
\par 
\par GRASP allows multiple drive windows to be open simultaneously.  Within each drive window are two child windows.  One child window lists all directories another child window depicts usage as a bar graph.
\par 
\par \{bmc grasp.bmp\}
\par 
\par Each bar is color coded by default as follows:
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\} Green bars are less than 25% 
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\} Yellow bars are between 25% and 50%.
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\} Red bars are over 50%.
\par 
\par The startup drive may be entered as a command parameter.  For example, to display Drive D: at startup, enter "GRASP D:" as the command line parameter.  
\par 
\par It is also possible to add GRASP to the Windows Explorer pop-up menus for drives.  During the setup process there is an option for enable this feature.
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 \page }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Registering GRASP
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 GRASP is a shareware program.  Please register your copy.
\par 
\par Registering has three benefits:
\par   1)  You will be notified of updates/fixes as they are released.
\par   2)  You are supporting the shareware system. 
\par   3)  Your conscience will haunt you forever if you don't register
\par 
\par Each registration is }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 only }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 $25.00 and may be sent by check or money order to:
\par 
\par \tab Vero Software Architects.
\par  \tab 8890 Kemper Road
\par \tab Cincinnati, OH 45249
\par 
\par }{\f8\fs16\up6\cgrid0 \page }{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 About the Author
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 As a systems analyst (for the past 15 years), it is often difficult to stay current.  GRASP was my way of working with various programming languages and environments.  
\par 
\par Because my hard drive disappeared one day, I began working on a way to identify the used space.  It started as a mild mannered batch file and quickly grew (like the files i
t finds).  GRASP has been written (and re-written) in Basic, MS Quick C, and now MS Visual C++.  
\par 
\par I owe a lot of the GRASP concept to many people.  Mostly my wife Lynn, who so patiently waits while I spend hours and hours working on a program that generates little income.  
\par 
\par Most of the functionality has come through suggestions of users and peers.  For every feature added, two more were suggested.  If you have suggestions for improving GRASP, please forward them to one of the following addresses:
\par 
\par \tab rleroy@verosoftware.com
\par 
\par \tab Robert LeRoy
\par \tab Vero Software Architects
\par \tab 8890 E. Kemper Rd.
\par \tab Cincinnati, OH 45249}{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }}